add roadmap to docs (#6)
pangeo-data/xbatcher: doc/roadmap.rst

        model.fit(batch['x'], batch['y'])             # fit a deep-learning model
        # or
        model.predict(batch['x'])                     # make one batch of predictions

We are currently envisioning the project growing to support more complex
extract-transform-load components commonly found in machine learning workflows
that use multidimensional data. We note that many of the concepts in Xbatcher
have been developed through colaborations in the `Pangeo Project Machine
Learning Working Group <https://pangeo.io/meeting-notes.html>`_. 

Batch generation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

At the core of Xbatcher is the ability to define a schema that defines a
selection of a larger dataset. Today, this schema is fairly simple (e.g.
`{'time': 10}`) but this may evolve in the future. As we describe below,
additional utilities for shuffling, sampling, and caching may provide enhanced
batch generation functionality

Shuffle and Sampling APIs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When training machine-learning models in batches, it is often necessary to
selectively or randomly sample from your training data. Xbatcher can help

> facilitate seemless shuffling and sampling by providing APIs that opperate on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
facilitate seamless shuffling and sampling by providing APIs that operate on
```
